Set Game (1 point)

Set is a card game where players try to find a set of three cards.

Each card has four attributes and each attribute has 3 possible values:

Attribute 1: Number of objects
Values: 1, 2, 3
Attibute 2: Shading
Values: Empty, Striped, Filled
Attribute 3: Color
Values: Red, Purple, Green
Attribute 4: Shape
Values: Oval, Squiggles, Diamonds
The goal of the original game is to select 3 cards from a set of 12 such that for each attribute, either all three cards share the same value or all three cards have a different value.

Your task here is slightly different. You will be given the attribute values for two cards. For any given 2 cards, find the one and only one possible 3rd card in the set.

Let's consider an example in which we're given two cards with these attribute values:
2	empty	red	diamonds
3	striped	red	ovals

To form a set, the third card must have these attribute values:

Count: 1 object
Shading: Filled
Color: Red
Shape: Squiggle
Input definition
The first line of an input file for this problem will contain a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 1,000), the number of remaining lines in the file (the number of given pairs of cards). Each of the next n lines will identify a pair of cards. For each given card, four characters will signify the card's attributes.

For Count: 1 = 1 object on the card, 2 = 2 objects on the card, 3 = 3 objects on the card
For Fill: E = Empty, F = Filled, S = Striped
For Color: G = Green, P = Purple, R = Red
For Shape: O = Oval (the letter O), D = Diamond, S = Squiggle
Thus, the input for the given example above (2 empty red diamonds, 3 striped red ovals) would be: "2ERD 3SRO". Similarly, the set-completing card for this example would be "1FRS" (1 filled red squiggle).

Output definition
Your output should contain n lines. Each line should identify the set-completing card for the given pair of input cards, prefaced by a Group label, i.e. "Group " + (test case number) +": " + (attributes for the 3rd card).

Example input
3
2ERD 3SRO 
1SPS 1ERO
1EGD 2SGO
Example output
Group 1: 1FRS
Group 2: 1FGD
Group 3: 3FGS